slide 1 - nom du produit

Tiphanie Timores - Thibault Legouet - we’re here to present you our creation, the Walk’m’ba, and our plans for its future, with you on board hopefuly.


slide 2 - sommaire

slide 3 - probleme (chien triste)

We are a young startup, created 2 years ago. We are trying to make people and their pets happy
We noticed that working people with pets often can’t be with them as much as they liked, so we decided to create an innovative product to offer them the possibility to connect a bit more !
We offer a new concept, combining comfort and high-tech that will revolutionize your walk

slide 4 - solution (mec thumbs up)

slide 5 - solution (expliquée)

(membre de la team) saw his cat playing with his classic roomba and thought that if he could control it and use a 
babyphone-style feedback system to know how he reacts would make playing with him during his day possible and 
funny

the solution is simple: 
you’re not home, use the walk’m’ba!
you don’t want to go out but your dog want to take a walk? use the walk’m ‘ba
your pet can’t move because of is obesity? use the walk’m’ba! 


slide 6 - orgie de gifs

The walk’m’ba is designed to accommodate all type of pets ! From cats to rabbits, to turtles and pigs !

slide 7 - target

Our target is the pet owners of course but mostly for the middle class worker with a full time job! they have money 
and can be fool  by our product ( seniors also but they have got less money…)

slide 8 - business model

the walk’m’ba is for every budget 
our product is very versatile so we offer several add-ons (features, personnalization) at different prices to suit everyone’s needs.
The app has a free-mode, but you can access most of the functionalities with a subscription, one month of free subscription is given on the product’s purchase.
We shipping worldwide (low cost) and you must assemble yourself your walk'm'ba at home so the price is more attractable

slide 9 - functionment

The walk’m’ba is totally controllable with the mobile app, you can draw yourself the path the walk’m’ba will take, or you can record it with the app while travelling it yourself.
The walk’m’ba’s advanced pathfinding will prevent it from hitting people, crossing roads, going in puddles and more!
The wal’k’m’ba can be personalised with a set of add-ons we sell separately, they all use the same system to be fixed on it : locked clips.
It is very adaptable and easy to use, you can change your current set of add-ons very easily with this sytem.

slide 10 - add-ons

different sizes shapes of cushions with customisable fabric color and/or pattern

slide 11 - team troll

Our team is composed of the most qualified people in their domain we could hire, they all proved their worth with us for the launch of the Walk’m’ba, and we plan on 
expanding the team further in the future if we get the means to, that’s where you come in !

slide 12 - future developpements

We want to expand on our brand while we are at our best, to keep our user base growing and the subscriptions number high.
We’re going to introduce a new product in our lines of production, which will open us to a whole new market : People living in cities !
Where letting your wallk’m’ba roam the streets isn’t safe, we thought of an interior-only version,( that cuts down on gps tracking and things related to taking your pet for
 a walk,) but doubles down on the interactivity you can have with your pet !
This version’s main purpose will be to play with your pet in your house while you’re not there (or even if you are), we’re calling it the Play’m’ba, we already have most of 
the designs ready, we just need of a boost in funds to be able to push the release date sooner

slide 13 - q+